[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into
the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the
secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew arrive
on the Fishman Island,
which is located ten thousand
meters below sea level.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones and
assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
It's not long
before the Straw Hats
get pulled into the conflict.
Will you just look?
The Noah's stopped!
The Sea Kings? But why?
Oh, Luffy!
You're losing so much
blood from that wound!
We need to get you to a doctor!
[panting]
Yeah, maybe.
Well, it's okay. Really.
Just as long as
the ship is stopped.
I'm just glad
everyone is safe now.
[LUFFY] "To the Future!
The Path to the Sun!"
[YELLOW TOOTHY SEA KING]
Princess Shirahoshi.
You can't imagine how long
we Sea Kings waited for you
to be born into this world.
Waited for me?
This vessel was designed for
us to pull it. Can't you tell?
This responsibility
has been passed down
for as long as
anyone can remember.
[SHIRAHOSHI] Then, is that the
reason why the Noah is so large?
[WHALE SEA KING]
Yes.
Our queen appears once
every several centuries,
though we do not know why
she always takes the form
of a mermaid. It's strange.
I wonder.
But we do know that
ever since you were born...
...you have been
our exalted queen.
[gasps]
[MANBOSHI]
Is she...?
[RYUBOSHI]
Yes.
I don't understand it,
but I think...
Our sister is speaking
with the Sea Kings.
Incredible!
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Guards, please report!
What made the Noah stop moving?
Well, uh, you're not
gonna believe this, sir,
but a bunch of Sea Kings
just showed up out of the blue
and they took hold of it.
And I'm not sure I understand
what they're saying, sir,
but I guess they stepped in
because they wanted to stop
Luffy from smashing
the Noah to pieces!
For whatever reason,
that ship must be really
important to them, too.
Your Majesty.
[NEPTUNE] Sea Kings.
So it's finally awakened--
the power that can
destroy this entire world.
Look.
The bubble's being absorbed
by the island bit by bit!
[AQUA BEARDED SEA KING] He
won't survive in the deep sea.
[SEA KING A]
Quickly, Shirahoshi.
You must retrieve him.
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Luffy! No!
My Brothers, we should capture
the culprits and quickly!
--Right!
--[MANBOSHI] Let's shake it!
[FUKABOSHI] Noah. What sort
of secrets are you hiding?
[AQUA BEARDED SEA KING]
If I didn't know better...
[PUFFY BIRD SEA KING]
Hmm?
[AQUA BEARDED SEA KING] ...I'd
say that the human wearing
the hat was able
to hear us as well.
[WHALE SEA KING]
I doubt that.
[AQUA BEARDED SEA KING]
It has happened before,
not so long ago.
[PUFFY BIRD SEA KING]
Oh, I remember.
[GOLD ROGER] Rayleigh, did
you hear that voice just now?
[RAYLEIGH]
You're crazy.
There's obviously
nobody down here.
[GOLD ROGER]
Who's there?
Why am I hearing strange voices
at the bottom of the sea?
Show yourself, now!
[PUFFY BIRD SEA KING]
Quite mysterious.
[AQUA BEARDED SEA KING]
Quite mysterious indeed.
[HACHI] Nyuu. I hope
the Straw Hats are okay.
They'll be all right.
They're strong.
I wouldn't worry about them.
He's right!
Just trust them, okay?
Nyu. I don't know.
Uh?
[DEN]
Huh?
Huh? Sea Kings?
[HACHI] Nyuu! And
they're pulling the Noah!
Ahh! Please don't eat me!
[SEA KING A]
The Noah is crumbling.
Can it be saved?
Can it serve its purpose?
[WHALE SEA KING]
Well.
[PURPLE SEA KING]
I believe it could be saved
if we had their help.
However, this is
a different age.
[WHALE SEA KING]
Then can it be repaired?
[PUFFY BIRD SEA KING]
I certainly hope so.
The appointed time
is approaching.
[ALL gasping]
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
Minister of the Left, sir!
We have a report from
inside the Ryugu Palace!
What's happening?
[AMMO KNIGHT A] Well, the
good news is, we've located all
the mermaids who were kidnapped.
It turns out, they're
right here on the premise!
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Oh, thank goodness!
Please, tell me
they're all right!
Yes! They said they're still
feeling a bit disoriented, sir,
but they do remember what
the culprit looked like!
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
Bad news is,
the treasure chamber's
been wiped clean!
They took it all,
down to the last piece!
It's awful!
We even lost the
Tamate Box, sir!
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Your Majesty!
Someone seems to have robbed
us during the commotion!
[NEPTUNE] Stolen treasures
do not concern us now.
Not moments ago, we nearly
lost our entire kingdom.
[NEPTUNE] The best thing
to do at present is tell
the citizens that
the mermaids are safe.
The damage may be done,
but we still need to clear
the Straw Hats' names.
We must do the right thing.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE R]
We better make tracks!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE S]
Run!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE A]
There's no way we'll be spared
if they catch us!
We're humans! It's not like
this was our fight anyway!
Going somewhere?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE T]
Let us through!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES gasp]
Let's just use our bubbles
to fly over his head.
Halt! Water Shot!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yell]
I won't hesitate to shoot you
if you try to get away.
Am I clear?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES gasping]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Never mind!
They're gonna kill us,
Boss Jimbei! Come on!
Please, you gotta
let us outta here!
We only did this stuff
'cause we were scared
of Hordy and his crew!
We're humans, you know!
This Fishman civil war thing's
got nothing to do with us!
Besides, tourism
from human pirates
is good for their
economy, so, uh...
Yeah, come on, man,
just let us go! Please!
[JIMBEI] The punishment may not
be as terrible as you think.
Let us wait to hear the
royal family's decision.
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
There is one fact
of which we must
make all of you aware.
The mermaids are safe.
And as for the Straw Hats, they
were not involved in any way.
[CHILDREN laugh]
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
We humbly admit that mistakes
were made in our investigation.
For the unrest that this has
caused, we must apologize.
[FISHMAN A]
You know, I never doubted
the Straw Hats for a second.
I knew it wasn't
them from the start.
I just didn't want
to say anything!
[FISHMAN B]
Drop the act!
We're all to blame! Look at us!
We didn't trust
them for a second!
[NEPTUNE]
Hm?
Nah, we believed 'em
all along, right?
Yeah!
Hey, that's not true--!
Don't say that!
I heard what you said!
[FISHBOY F]
Me, too!
[FISHMAN H]
Admit it.
We all believed the
Straw Hats were responsible.
We judged them, just
because they were humans!
Yeah, you're right.
We've always been like that.
I feel awful.
[FRANKY]
Super...
...Afro!
[BROOK] Would ya look at
that? It's just like mine!
[FRANKY]
Yeah, only cooler.
[USOPP]
Uhh, Chopper?
You're not looking so good.
[CHOPPER]
Nah. I'm okay.
[USOPP]
Whoa!
Thanks, Robin.
Good grief.
[SANJI yells]
It's because I used
Monster Point, that's all.
That one wears me out.
I won't be able to
walk for a few hours.
But I can still treat
your injuries. Slowly.
Now who's hurt?
Let me take a look.
Worry about yourself first.
It looks like everyone
here is fine.
Except for me!
After all that fighting,
I need to rest my head, too!
Only your lap can
heal me! Please!
[ZORO]
Rest it up your ass instead.
[SANJI]
If Robin wants me to!
[ZORO]
What?
[NAMI]
Luffy.
[MANBOSHI]
We made it! Hey, look up here!
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
There they are!
[MANBOSHI, RYUBOSHI]
We're back!
The princes are here!
I'm so glad they're okay!
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT gasps]
H-Huh?
It's Hordy and Decken!
We've returned.
We're sorry we
worried you, Father.
[NEPTUNE] All that matters
is that you're safe.
Now, let's get them locked up.
[ALL]
Right!
[FUKABOSHI]
Hear me Citizens!
There is no need to fear!
Never again will these villains
cause trouble for our kingdom!
[FISHMEN cheering]
Wow. Has this been
a crazy day, or what?
[RYUBOSHI, MANBOSHI chuckle]
What a terrible monster that is!
And to think he was right
here in our neighborhood!
Huh? Captain Hordy!
What happened to you?
[NEPTUNE grunts]
[FRANKY]
We showed 'em who's boss!
[SHIRAHOSHI crying]
[SANJI]
I know that voice.
[BROOK]
That's the princess!
Seems she's okay!
[USOPP chuckles]
Hey, Luffy!
Look, it's the princess
and Straw Hat Luffy!
Someone help,
I don't know what to do!
He won't stop bleeding.
I'm afraid he's going to die!
Whoa! Luffy! Hang in there!
Wuh-oh.
Luffy's so brave!
He could have died out
there fighting for us!
Hope he's okay.
[ALL gasping]
This looks bad.
But I've got a few
hemostatics here in my bag!
[CHOPPER]
Thanks a lot, Robin.
Sure.
Whoa, is that new form really
worth doing this every time?
Right! Here we go!
Let me help you move.
[USOPP]
Wh-What kind of doctor are you?
A little left. There!
Oh, Doctor. Tell me Luffy's
going to be all right!
I can stop the bleeding,
but he's lost an
awful lot of blood.
He needs a donor!
[BROOK gasps]
Well, that's no good.
Luffy's the only one
of us with type F.
[USOPP]
So we can't do it?
There's gotta be
someone who can!
Somebody!
Help us!
[CHOPPER] We just need one
person to donate some blood!
[USOPP]
We're begging you!
[BROOK]
Somebody here has to be type F!
[FISHMEN grunt]
Really? Not s single one of you?
[FISHMAN U]
I-I'm type F.
[FISHWOMAN B]
I'm the right type, but...
Papa! You're type F, right?
Ah! Well, I, uh...
Oh! Right! I forgot
In this country
there's actually a law against
donating blood to humans!
--What?
--What kinda law is that?
It's cruel!
[FISHMEN sigh]
Oh, come on!
This guy just saved you!
[FISHMEN grunt]
I'd like to help, but I'm
afraid my blood isn't type F.
It is red, though!
Is that good enough?
[CHOPPER] That's not really
how it works, but thanks!
Princess Shirahoshi.
Wait a sec. Maybe the human
pirates can help him!
You gotta be kidding me!
Can't you do this
one thing for the guy
who saved this whole island?
--[footsteps]
--[FISHMEN gasping]
[STRAW HAT PIRATES gasp]
[JIMBEI] You can give
him some of my blood.
It's type F. Take
as much as you need.
Wow, really?
Thanks, Jimbei!
Wait, but the law.
What of it? I'm a pirate.
Boss Jimbei. You're the best!
[BOTH]
Go, Jimbei!
Wonderful!
[BOTH laugh]
Wait, Jimbei. If you...
[NEPTUNE]
It's all right.
Huh? But Your Majesty!
[NEPTUNE]
What makes it so wrong?
It's precisely that
kind of thinking
that caused this to begin with.
[ALL laugh]
[CHOPPER]
Okay, let's do this.
I'm strong enough to move,
at least for a little while.
[USOPP]
Can I help you somehow?
[CHOPPER]
Sure, thanks.
It might sting a little, okay?
[JIMBEI]
I can take it.
[FISHMEN murmuring]
[NARRATOR]
If you harm someone...
...or if someone harms you...
[NARRATOR] ...the same
red blood is spilled.
[NARRATOR] And this tube through
which that blood flows...
[NARRATOR] ...small
and fragile though it is,
provides a pathway...
[NARRATOR] ...through the
prejudice that divides us...
[NARRATOR] ...and the
conflicts that we create...
[NARRATOR] ...as though
they were never there at all.
[NARRATOR] And more than any
fleeting dream or fantasy could,
this path can guide
us to the surface,
into the warm light of the sun.
Jimbei.
Luffy!
You scared me.
[BOTH]
Luffy!
[ALL]
You rascal.
So you were awake.
[ALL]
He's okay!
[CHILDREN]
Yay, Luffy!
[FISHMEN cheering]
[NAMI laughs]
You see, Mother?
We made it...
[FUKABOSHI]
...back to zero.
[LUFFY]
Hey, Jimbei.
[chuckles]
[JIMBEI grunts]
I want you... to join my crew!
[NARRATOR] Peace has returned
and a grand celebration
with dancing and singing
begins at the Ryugu Palace.
While the Straw Hats enjoy
the party with the merfolk,
Robin closes in on a piece of
Fishman Island's secret history.
Realizing the truth
behind Joy Boy and
the ancient weapon Poseidon,
she uncovers a chilling truth.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Secret Revealed! The Truth
About the Ancient Weapon!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!